---
name: Thunderbolt
year: 1995
score: 6.5
---
In this movie Jackie plays "Alfred Tung", a mechanic and apparently good racer who's father is the car king and is an expert on modified cars and runs the business Jackie works at. After attending some sort of racing meet for work which is attended by a lot of police who impound the cars with illegal mods. One car with no license plates zooms past on the road, nearly hitting a police officer who Jackie saves, and then Jackie chases him in a reporter's car in probably the best scene in the movie. He ends up helping the police catch this guy which gets him caught up with the guy who wants revenge (and gets it, brutally) and to race with Jackie because he's apparently really good. This movie features English, Chinese and Japanese interchangably and there's also a memorable scene in Japan with the yakuza in a pachinko parlor which is pretty cool. Unfortunately it seems Jackie was injured at the time of filming because a stunt double was used for a lot of the action, and even a lot of the main racing scenes had to be filmed at normal speeds and then obviously sped up, which detracts from the film a bit. The villain is also super evil looking and acting but doesn't really have any evil motivations, he's just a ridiculous racing guy who drives around without license plates and is too fast for the police to catch apparently. He ends up in jail for a stupid reason (driving fast and hitting a police bike unnecessarily) but then gets in a lot more trouble because his gang has to break him out in an armed raid. Also we're not really sure what his name is meant to be in Chinese but we're pretty sure people kept calling him Jackie either by mistake or maybe that's his original name. Overall this movie was good enough but kind of dumb, I expected a bit more from a racing Jackie Chan movie but I guess it was made at a bad time.
