---
name: Chineze Zodiac / CZ12
year: 2012
score: 7
date: 2021-01-15
---
The third movie in the Armour of God series, which features Jackie Condor / Asian Hawk whose names make a bit more sense in this movie as it becomes clear he tends to go by aliases and he's known by JC or Martin to most of the characters in this movie. In this movie Jackie is much more advanced of a thief, employing a team and complicated technology to break into places and steal cultural artifacts to auction off. There's a message in this movie of returning cultural artifacts to the countries they originate from, which I can get behind, but it was kind of clumsy. This movie comes across as a lot more mainstream focused than his previous movies, it's especially hard to believe that it has anything to do with Armour of God II. It's pretty long with lots of scenes but they're all fun to watch and there's a good mix of action, fights, heists, and a large set piece at the end involving an erupting volcano. Near the middle of the movie there's a group of pirates and they're pretty ridiculous, one looks like Captain Jack for example, and one has a huge afro. One of my favorite parts of the movie is the escape sequence near the start where Jackie skates away in a full body rollerblading suit, rolling on his stomach, back, and arms at a hundred miles an hour while trying to escape trucks and cars. It's clear that this contraption really exists and works, especilaly when you watch the outtakes, and looking it up it seems like its inventor was involved in training Jackie to use it for the movie. CZ12 is a funny movie and it has high production value which pulls it up to a 7 for me, but I thought it was a bit too mainstream focused to feel like a real classic Jackie Chan movie.
